{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red30\green40\blue49;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c15294\c20784\c25098;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\parhyphenfactor20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs57\fsmilli28800 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 HU14 CISC 594 Final Project: Configuration Management Report KA1 85%3\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Due
\f0\b0 \'a0Monday\'a0by\'a011:59pm\'a0
\f1\b Points
\f0\b0 \'a0400\'a0
\f1\b Submitting
\f0\b0 \'a0a file upload\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Submit a configuration management report for your semester project. You must use a version control system, such as GitHub, to maintain your source code. The instructor must have access to your code repository. All new code development should be done on branches apart from the master branch. Once your code has been tested on a branch and determined to be working, it should be merged back to the master branch. You must also detail and use a formal change control process to introduce changes into a working baseline of software. Once you have completed and tested one of your versions of software, you should use the version control system to tag the software with the release number. Your report should detail how you performed these configuration management activities on your project as well as your change control process. You must also submit your source code in a separate zip file along with your configuration management report.\cb1 \
\cb3 \'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb3 Please Note: The level of performance expected for students on core competencies and program learning outcomes varies depending on the course. The numbers at the end of the key assignment name identify the expected level of performance for a specific key assignment. For example, for the key assignment entitled \'93HU14 GEND 201 Final Research Paper KA1 85%2,\'94 the 85%2 part of the title means that 85% of students are expected to score a level 2 on a four-point scale where level 1 represents a novice rating, and a level 4 represents an advanced rating.
\f0\i0\fs32 \cb1 \
}